[doc]: Update installation doc and readme (#1465)
flashinfer-ai/flashinfer: README.md

> We provide prebuilt python wheels for Linux. Install FlashInfer with the following command:

Reviewer: The pypi package is actually not "prebuilt", consider renaming to:
```suggestion
FlashInfer is available as a Python package for Linux on PyPI. You can install it with the following command:
```
